add file filter for datasets.uploadFolder (#34669)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/ai/ai-projects/README.md

const client = new AIProjectClient(endpoint, new DefaultAzureCredential());
```

> ### API version and rest apis
> 
> The client library uses api version is `2025-05-15-preview`, the rest api doc is: [ai_foundry_data_plane_rest_apis]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client uses API version `2025-05-15-preview`, refer to the [API documentation]([ai_foundry_data_plane_rest_apis]) to learn more about the supported features.
```
